Add config (#23)
yiisoft/translator-formatter-intl: README.md

composer require yiisoft/translator-formatter-intl
```

## Configuration

> Example of config, if you not use package [`yiisoft/config`](http://github.com/yiisoft/config)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In case you use [`yiisoft/config`](http://github.com/yiisoft/config), you will get configuration automatically. If not, the following DI container configuration is necessary:
```
